.TH "debug" 3 "23 Sep 2009" "Version 5.5" "net-snmp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
debug \- 
.PP
Print out debugging information about the handler chain being called.  

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnetsnmp_mib_handler\fP * \fBnetsnmp_get_debug_handler\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIreturns a debug handler that can be injected into a given handler chain. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdebug_print_requests\fP (\fBnetsnmp_request_info\fP *requests)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnetsnmp_debug_helper\fP (\fBnetsnmp_mib_handler\fP *handler, \fBnetsnmp_handler_registration\fP *reginfo, \fBnetsnmp_agent_request_info\fP *reqinfo, \fBnetsnmp_request_info\fP *requests)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnetsnmp_init_debug_helper\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIinitializes the debug helper which then registers a debug handler as a run-time injectable handler for configuration file use. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Print out debugging information about the handler chain being called. 

This is a useful \fBmodule\fP for run-time debugging of requests as the pass this handler in a calling chain. All debugging output is done via the standard debugging routines with a token name of 'helper:debug', so use the -Dhelper:debug command line flag to see the output when running the snmpd demon. It's not recommended you compile this into a handler chain during compile time, but instead use the 'injectHandler' token in the snmpd.conf file (or similar) to add it to the chain later:
.PP
injectHandler debug my_module_name
.PP
to see an example output, try:
.PP
injectHandler debug mibII/system
.PP
and then run snmpwalk on the 'system' group. 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBnetsnmp_mib_handler\fP* netsnmp_get_debug_handler (void)"
.PP
returns a debug handler that can be injected into a given handler chain. 
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file debug_handler.c.
.SS "void netsnmp_init_debug_helper (void)"
.PP
initializes the debug helper which then registers a debug handler as a run-time injectable handler for configuration file use. 
.PP
Definition at line 148 of file debug_handler.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for net-snmp from the source code.
