.TH "snmp_session" 3 "15 Mar 2004" "net-snmp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
snmp_session \- The snmp session structure. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <snmp_api.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBversion\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIsnmp version\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBretries\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of retries before timeout.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBtimeout\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of uS until first timeout, then exponential backoff.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBpeername\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDomain name or dotted IP address of default peer.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_short \fBremote_port\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUDP port number of peer.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_short \fBlocal_port\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIMy UDP port number, 0 for default, picked randomly.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_char *(* \fBauthenticator\fP )(u_char *, size_t *, u_char *, size_t)"
.br
.RI "\fIAuthentication function or NULL if null authentication is used.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "netsnmp_callback \fBcallback\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction to interpret incoming data.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBcallback_magic\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to data that the callback function may consider important.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBs_errno\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIcopy of system errno\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBs_snmp_errno\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIcopy of library errno\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBsessid\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISession id - AgentX only.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_char * \fBcommunity\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIcommunity for outgoing requests.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBcommunity_len\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILength of community name.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBrcvMsgMaxSize\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILargest message to try to receive.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBsndMsgMaxSize\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILargest message to try to send.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_char \fBisAuthoritative\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIare we the authoritative engine?\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_char * \fBcontextEngineID\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIauthoritative snmpEngineID\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBcontextEngineIDLen\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILength of contextEngineID.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_int \fBengineBoots\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIinitial engineBoots for remote engine\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_int \fBengineTime\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIinitial engineTime for remote engine\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBcontextName\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIauthoritative contextName\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBcontextNameLen\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILength of contextName.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_char * \fBsecurityEngineID\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIauthoritative snmpEngineID\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBsecurityEngineIDLen\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILength of contextEngineID.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBsecurityName\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIon behalf of this principal\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBsecurityNameLen\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILength of securityName.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "oid * \fBsecurityAuthProto\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIauth protocol oid\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBsecurityAuthProtoLen\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILength of auth protocol oid.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_char \fBsecurityAuthKey\fP [USM_AUTH_KU_LEN]"
.br
.RI "\fIKu for auth protocol XXX.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBsecurityAuthKeyLen\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILength of Ku for auth protocol.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "oid * \fBsecurityPrivProto\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIpriv protocol oid\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBsecurityPrivProtoLen\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILength of priv protocol oid.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_char \fBsecurityPrivKey\fP [USM_PRIV_KU_LEN]"
.br
.RI "\fIKu for privacy protocol XXX.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBsecurityPrivKeyLen\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILength of Ku for priv protocol.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsecurityModel\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIsnmp security model, v1, v2c, usm\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsecurityLevel\fP"
.br
.RI "\fInoAuthNoPriv, authNoPriv, authPriv\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBsecurityInfo\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIsecurity module specific\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBmyvoid\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIuse as you want data\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
The snmp session structure.
.PP
Definition at line 187 of file snmp_api.h.
.SH "FIELD DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "u_char*(* snmp_session::authenticator)(u_char *, size_t *, u_char *, size_t)"
.PP
Authentication function or NULL if null authentication is used.
.PP
.SS "netsnmp_callback snmp_session::callback"
.PP
Function to interpret incoming data.
.PP
Definition at line 212 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "void* snmp_session::callback_magic"
.PP
Pointer to data that the callback function may consider important.
.PP
Definition at line 216 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "u_char* snmp_session::community"
.PP
community for outgoing requests.
.PP
Definition at line 228 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "size_t snmp_session::community_len"
.PP
Length of community name.
.PP
Definition at line 230 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "u_char* snmp_session::contextEngineID"
.PP
authoritative snmpEngineID
.PP
Definition at line 242 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "size_t snmp_session::contextEngineIDLen"
.PP
Length of contextEngineID.
.PP
Definition at line 244 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "char* snmp_session::contextName"
.PP
authoritative contextName
.PP
Definition at line 250 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "size_t snmp_session::contextNameLen"
.PP
Length of contextName.
.PP
Definition at line 252 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "u_int snmp_session::engineBoots"
.PP
initial engineBoots for remote engine
.PP
Definition at line 246 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "u_int snmp_session::engineTime"
.PP
initial engineTime for remote engine
.PP
Definition at line 248 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "u_char snmp_session::isAuthoritative"
.PP
are we the authoritative engine?
.PP
Definition at line 240 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "u_short snmp_session::local_port"
.PP
My UDP port number, 0 for default, picked randomly.
.PP
Definition at line 206 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "void* snmp_session::myvoid"
.PP
use as you want data
.PP
Definition at line 290 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "char* snmp_session::peername"
.PP
Domain name or dotted IP address of default peer.
.PP
Definition at line 202 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "size_t snmp_session::rcvMsgMaxSize"
.PP
Largest message to try to receive.
.PP
Definition at line 232 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "u_short snmp_session::remote_port"
.PP
UDP port number of peer.
.PP
Definition at line 204 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "int snmp_session::retries"
.PP
Number of retries before timeout.
.PP
Definition at line 194 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "int snmp_session::s_errno"
.PP
copy of system errno
.PP
Definition at line 218 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "int snmp_session::s_snmp_errno"
.PP
copy of library errno
.PP
Definition at line 220 of file snmp_api.h.
.PP
Referenced by handle_snmp_packet().
.SS "u_char snmp_session::securityAuthKey[USM_AUTH_KU_LEN]"
.PP
Ku for auth protocol XXX.
.PP
Definition at line 266 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "size_t snmp_session::securityAuthKeyLen"
.PP
Length of Ku for auth protocol.
.PP
Definition at line 268 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "oid* snmp_session::securityAuthProto"
.PP
auth protocol oid
.PP
Definition at line 262 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "size_t snmp_session::securityAuthProtoLen"
.PP
Length of auth protocol oid.
.PP
Definition at line 264 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "u_char* snmp_session::securityEngineID"
.PP
authoritative snmpEngineID
.PP
Definition at line 254 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "size_t snmp_session::securityEngineIDLen"
.PP
Length of contextEngineID.
.PP
Definition at line 256 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "void* snmp_session::securityInfo"
.PP
security module specific
.PP
Definition at line 285 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "int snmp_session::securityLevel"
.PP
noAuthNoPriv, authNoPriv, authPriv
.PP
Definition at line 280 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "int snmp_session::securityModel"
.PP
snmp security model, v1, v2c, usm
.PP
Definition at line 278 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "char* snmp_session::securityName"
.PP
on behalf of this principal
.PP
Definition at line 258 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "size_t snmp_session::securityNameLen"
.PP
Length of securityName.
.PP
Definition at line 260 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "u_char snmp_session::securityPrivKey[USM_PRIV_KU_LEN]"
.PP
Ku for privacy protocol XXX.
.PP
Definition at line 274 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "size_t snmp_session::securityPrivKeyLen"
.PP
Length of Ku for priv protocol.
.PP
Definition at line 276 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "oid* snmp_session::securityPrivProto"
.PP
priv protocol oid
.PP
Definition at line 270 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "size_t snmp_session::securityPrivProtoLen"
.PP
Length of priv protocol oid.
.PP
Definition at line 272 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "long snmp_session::sessid"
.PP
Session id - AgentX only.
.PP
Definition at line 222 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "size_t snmp_session::sndMsgMaxSize"
.PP
Largest message to try to send.
.PP
Definition at line 234 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "long snmp_session::timeout"
.PP
Number of uS until first timeout, then exponential backoff.
.PP
Definition at line 196 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "long snmp_session::version"
.PP
snmp version
.PP
Definition at line 192 of file snmp_api.h.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for net-snmp from the source code.
