.TH "generic logging for net-snmp" 3 "15 Mar 2004" "net-snmp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
generic logging for net-snmp \- 
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsnmp_get_do_logging\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis snmp logging function allows variable argument list given the specified priority, format and a populated va_list structure.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsnmp_log\fP (va_alist) va_dcl"
.br
.RI "\fIThis snmp logging function allows variable argument list given the specified format and priority.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "int snmp_get_do_logging (void)"
.PP
This snmp logging function allows variable argument list given the specified priority, format and a populated va_list structure.
.PP
The default logfile this function writes to is /var/log/snmpd.log.
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIpriority\fP\fP
is an integer representing the type of message to be written to the snmp log file. The types are errors, warning, and information. The error types are:
.TP
LOG_EMERG system is unusable 
.TP
LOG_ALERT action must be taken immediately 
.TP
LOG_CRIT critical conditions 
.TP
LOG_ERR error conditions The warning type is:
.TP
LOG_WARNING warning conditions  The information types are:
.TP
LOG_NOTICE normal but significant condition
.TP
LOG_INFO informational
.TP
LOG_DEBUG debug-level messages
.PP
\fBParameters: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIformat\fP\fP
is a pointer to a char representing the variable argument list format used.
.TP
\fB\fIap\fP\fP
is a va_list type used to traverse the list of arguments.
.PP
\fBReturns: \fP
.in +1c
Returns 0 on success, -1 when the code could not format the log- string, -2 when dynamic memory could not be allocated if the length of the log buffer is greater then 1024 bytes. For each of these errors a LOG_ERR messgae is written to the logfile.
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
\fBsnmp_log\fP 
.PP
Definition at line 444 of file snmp_logging.c.
.SS "int snmp_log (va_alist)"
.PP
This snmp logging function allows variable argument list given the specified format and priority.
.PP
Calls the snmp_vlog function. The default logfile this function writes to is /var/log/snmpd.log.
.PP
\fBSee also: \fP
.in +1c
snmp_vlog 
.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBdelayed_instance.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 1114 of file snmp_logging.c.
.PP
Referenced by _request_set_error(), agent_check_and_process(), netsnmp_cache_helper_handler(), netsnmp_call_handler(), netsnmp_call_next_handler(), netsnmp_call_next_handler_one_request(), netsnmp_data_list_add_data(), netsnmp_get_multiplexer_handler(), netsnmp_get_table_data_handler(), netsnmp_get_table_data_set_handler(), netsnmp_get_table_handler(), netsnmp_inject_handler_before(), netsnmp_mark_row_column_writable(), netsnmp_multiplexer_helper_handler(), netsnmp_read_data_callback(), netsnmp_register_handler(), netsnmp_register_handler_nocallback(), netsnmp_register_save_list(), netsnmp_request_set_error_all(), netsnmp_save_all_data_callback(), netsnmp_set_row_column(), netsnmp_table_container_register(), netsnmp_table_data_add_row(), netsnmp_table_iterator_helper_handler(), netsnmp_table_set_add_default_row(), read_config_store(), and table_helper_handler().
