.TH "netsnmp_handler_registration_s" 3 "23 Sep 2009" "Version 5.5" "net-snmp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
netsnmp_handler_registration_s \- 
.PP
Root registration info.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <agent_handler.h>\fP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBhandlerName\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIfor mrTable listings, and other uses \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBcontextName\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINULL = default context. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "oid * \fBrootoid\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIwhere are we registered at? \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBrootoid_len\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnetsnmp_mib_handler\fP * \fBhandler\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIhandler details \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmodes\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpriority\fP"
.br
.RI "\fImore optional stuff \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrange_subid\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "oid \fBrange_ubound\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtimeout\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBglobal_cacheid\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBmy_reg_void\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIvoid ptr for registeree \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Root registration info. 

The variables handlerName, contextName, and rootoid need to be allocated on the heap, when the registration structure is unregistered using \fBunregister_mib_context()\fP the code attempts to free them. 
.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
.PP
\fBdelayed_instance.c\fP, and \fBwatched.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 95 of file agent_handler.h.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBnetsnmp_handler_registration_s::contextName\fP"
.PP
NULL = default context. 
.PP
Definition at line 100 of file agent_handler.h.
.SS "\fBnetsnmp_mib_handler\fP* \fBnetsnmp_handler_registration_s::handler\fP"
.PP
handler details 
.PP
Definition at line 111 of file agent_handler.h.
.SS "char* \fBnetsnmp_handler_registration_s::handlerName\fP"
.PP
for mrTable listings, and other uses 
.PP
Definition at line 98 of file agent_handler.h.
.SS "void* \fBnetsnmp_handler_registration_s::my_reg_void\fP"
.PP
void ptr for registeree 
.PP
Definition at line 126 of file agent_handler.h.
.SS "int \fBnetsnmp_handler_registration_s::priority\fP"
.PP
more optional stuff 
.PP
Definition at line 117 of file agent_handler.h.
.SS "oid* \fBnetsnmp_handler_registration_s::rootoid\fP"
.PP
where are we registered at? 
.PP
Definition at line 105 of file agent_handler.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for net-snmp from the source code.
