.\" /************************************************************
.\" 	Copyright 1997 Niels Baggesen
.\" 
.\"                       All Rights Reserved
.\" 
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its 
.\" documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, 
.\" provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies.
.\" 
.\" I DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING
.\" ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL
.\" I BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR
.\" ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
.\" WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,
.\" ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\" ******************************************************************/
.TH SNMPTABLE 1 "8 November 1997"
.UC 4
.SH NAME
snmptable - obtain and print an SNMP table
.SH SYNOPSIS
snmptable -v 1 hostname community [options] tableID
.PP
snmpget [-v 2] hostname noAuth objectID [options] tableID
.PP
snmpget\ [-v\ 2] hostname srcParty dstParty [options] tableID
.SH DESCRIPTION
Snmptable is an SNMP application that uses the GETNEXT Request to query for
information on a network entity.
The \fItableID\fR must specify an SNMP table.
.PP
The
.I hostname
specification may be either a host name or an internet address
specified in "dot notation".
.PP
The version 1
.I community
specifies the community name for the transaction with the remote system.
.PP
The version 2
.I srcParty
and
.I dstParty
specify the party names for the transaction with the remote system, as
they are defined in /etc/party.conf.  To forgo authentication, use the
.B noAuth
keyword instead of specifying party names.
.PP
snmptable has the following special options:
.IP "-f F"
\fIF\fR is a string used to separate table columns.
With this option, each table entry will be printed in compact form, just with
the string given to separate the columns (useful if you want to import it
into a database).
Otherwise it is printed in nicely aligned columns.
.IP "-w W"
\fIW\fR specifies the width of the lines when the table is printed.
If the lines will be longer, the table will be printed in sections of
max \fIW\fR characters.
.PP
.SH EXAMPLES
$ snmptable localhost public at.attable

SNMP table: at.atTable

atIfIndex   atPhysAddress   atNetAddress
        1  8:0:20:20:0:ab 130.225.243.33
.PP
$ snmptable localhost public -f + at.attable

SNMP table: at.atTable

atIfIndex+atPhysAddress+atNetAddress
1+8:0:20:20:0:ab+130.225.243.33
.PP
.SH "BUGS"
The test for tableID actually specifying a table is rather heuristic.
.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
variables(5), RFC 1155, RFC 1156, RFC 1157, SNMP Security Internet Drafts
