.\" /***********************************************************
.\" 	Copyright 1988, 1989 by Carnegie Mellon University
.\" 
.\"                       All Rights Reserved
.\" 
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its 
.\" documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, 
.\" provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
.\" both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in 
.\" supporting documentation, and that the name of CMU not be
.\" used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the
.\" software without specific, written prior permission.  
.\" 
.\" CMU DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING
.\" ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL
.\" CMU BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR
.\" ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
.\" WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,
.\" ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\" ******************************************************************/
.TH SNMPSTATUS 1 "17 Jun 1998"
.UC 4
.SH NAME
snmpstatus - Retrieves important information from a network entity.
.SH SYNOPSIS
snmpstatus host [community]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Snmpstatus is an SNMP application that retrieves several important
statistics from a network entity.
.PP
The
.I host
specification may be either a host name or an internet address
specified in "dot notation"
.PP
The
.I community
specifies the community name for the transaction with the remote system.
If this argument is not given, the community name will default to
.I "public".
.PP
The information returned is:
.PP
The IP address of the entity.
.br
A textual description of the entity
.I (sysDescr.0)
.br
The uptime of the entity
.I (sysUpTime.0)
.br
The sum of received packets on all interfaces
.I (ifInUCastPkts.* + ifInNUCastPkts.*)
.br
The sum of transmitted packets on all interfaces
.I (ifOutUCastPkts.* + ifOutNUCastPkts.*)
.br
The number of IP input packets
.I (ipInReceives.0)
.br
The number of IP output packets
.I (ipOutRequests.0)
.PP
For example
.PP
.I snmpstatus netdev-kbox.cc.cmu.edu public
.PP
will produce output similar to the following:
.PP
.I [128.2.56.220]=>[Kinetics FastPath2] Up: 1 day, 4:43:31
.br
.I IF recv/trans packets 262874/39867 |
.I IP recv/trans packets 31603/15805
.PP
Snmpstatus also checks the operational status of all interfaces (ifOperStatus.*),
and if it finds any that are not running, it will report in a manner similar to this:
.PP
.I 2 interfaces are down!
The
.I host
specification may be either a host name or an internet address
specified in "dot notation"
.PP
The
.I community
specifies the community name for the transaction with the remote system.  If none is
given, the community name defaults to
.I "public".
.PP
If the network entity has an error processing the request packet, an error
packet will be returned and a message will be shown, helping to pinpoint in what way
the request was malformed.  Snmpstatus will attempt to reform it's request to eliminate
the malformed variable, but this variable will then be missing from the displayed data.
.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
RFC 1065, RFC 1066, RFC 1067
