.\" /***********************************************************
.\" 	Copyright 1988, 1989 by Carnegie Mellon University
.\" 
.\"                       All Rights Reserved
.\" 
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its 
.\" documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, 
.\" provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
.\" both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in 
.\" supporting documentation, and that the name of CMU not be
.\" used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the
.\" software without specific, written prior permission.  
.\" 
.\" CMU DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING
.\" ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL
.\" CMU BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR
.\" ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
.\" WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,
.\" ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\" ******************************************************************/
.TH SNMPSET 1 "21 Jun 2001"
.UC 4
.SH NAME
snmpset - communicates with a network entity using SNMP SET Requests.
.SH SYNOPSIS
snmpset [ common arguments ] objectID type value [objectID type value]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Snmpset is an SNMP application that uses the SET Request to set
information on a network entity.  One or more fully qualified
object identifiers must be given as arguments on the command line.  A type
and a value to set must accompany each object
identifier.  Each variable name is given in the format specified in
.IR variables (5).
.PP
The
.I type
is a single character, one of:
.RS
.PD 0
.TP 3
.B i
INTEGER
.TP 3
.B u
UNSIGNED
.TP 3
.B s
STRING
.TP 3
.B x
HEX STRING
.TP 3
.B d
DECIMAL STRING
.TP 3
.B n
NULLOBJ
.TP 3
.B o
OBJID
.TP 3
.B t
TIMETICKS
.TP 3
.B a
IPADDRESS
.TP 3
.B b
BITS
.PD
.RE
If you have the proper MIB file loaded, you can, in most cases, replace the
type with an '=' sign. For an object of type OCTET STRING this will assume
a string like the 's' type notation. For other type it will do "The
Right Thing".
.PP
For example
.PP
.I "snmpset test-hub private system.sysContact.0 s dpz@noc.rutgers.edu ip.ipforwarding.0 = 2"
.I 
.PP
will set the variables sysContact.0 and ipforwarding.0:
.PP
.I system.sysContact.0 =
"dpz@noc.rutgers.edu"
.br
.I ip.ipForwarding.0 = not-forwarding(2)
.PP
If the network entity has an error processing the request packet, an error
packet will be returned and a message will be shown, helping to pinpoint in what
way the request was malformed.  If there were other variables in the request,
the request will be resent without the bad variable.
.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
snmpcmd(1), variables(5).
