.TH "variable_list" 3 "27 Feb 2008" "Version 5.2.4" "net-snmp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
variable_list \- The netsnmp variable list binding structure, it's typedef'd to netsnmp_variable_list.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <snmp_api.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBvariable_list\fP * \fBnext_variable\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINULL for last variable. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "oid * \fBname\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIObject identifier of variable. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBname_length\fP"
.br
.RI "\fInumber of subid's in name \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_char \fBtype\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIASN type of variable. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "netsnmp_vardata \fBval\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIvalue of variable \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBval_len\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIthe length of the value to be copied into buf \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "oid \fBname_loc\fP [MAX_OID_LEN]"
.br
.RI "\fI90 percentile < 24. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "u_char \fBbuf\fP [40]"
.br
.RI "\fI90 percentile < 40. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBdata\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI(Opaque) hook for additional data \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void(* \fBdataFreeHook\fP )(void *)"
.br
.RI "\fIcallback to free above \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBindex\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The netsnmp variable list binding structure, it's typedef'd to netsnmp_variable_list. 
.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
.PP
\fBnotification.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 512 of file snmp_api.h.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "struct \fBvariable_list\fP* \fBvariable_list::next_variable\fP\fC [read]\fP"
.PP
NULL for last variable. 
.PP
Definition at line 514 of file snmp_api.h.
.PP
Referenced by handle_getnext_loop(), handle_pdu(), netsnmp_bulk_to_next_fix_requests(), netsnmp_send_traps(), netsnmp_wrap_up_request(), snmp_set_var_value(), and table_helper_handler().
.SS "oid* \fBvariable_list::name\fP"
.PP
Object identifier of variable. 
.PP
Definition at line 516 of file snmp_api.h.
.PP
Referenced by check_getnext_results(), netsnmp_add_varbind_to_cache(), netsnmp_bulk_to_next_fix_requests(), netsnmp_check_getnext_reply(), netsnmp_old_api_helper(), netsnmp_row_merge_helper_handler(), netsnmp_send_traps(), netsnmp_table_build_oid(), netsnmp_table_build_oid_from_index(), netsnmp_table_build_result(), netsnmp_table_data_set_helper_handler(), netsnmp_table_iterator_helper_handler(), netsnmp_wrap_up_request(), and table_helper_handler().
.SS "size_t \fBvariable_list::name_length\fP"
.PP
number of subid's in name 
.PP
Definition at line 518 of file snmp_api.h.
.PP
Referenced by check_getnext_results(), netsnmp_add_varbind_to_cache(), netsnmp_bulk_to_next_fix_requests(), netsnmp_check_getnext_reply(), netsnmp_old_api_helper(), netsnmp_row_merge_helper_handler(), netsnmp_send_traps(), netsnmp_table_build_oid(), netsnmp_table_build_oid_from_index(), netsnmp_table_data_set_helper_handler(), netsnmp_table_iterator_helper_handler(), netsnmp_wrap_up_request(), and table_helper_handler().
.SS "u_char \fBvariable_list::type\fP"
.PP
ASN type of variable. 
.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBdelayed_instance.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 520 of file snmp_api.h.
.PP
Referenced by _request_set_error(), check_getnext_results(), handle_pdu(), netsnmp_add_varbind_to_cache(), netsnmp_bulk_to_next_fix_requests(), netsnmp_check_getnext_reply(), netsnmp_old_api_helper(), netsnmp_table_data_set_helper_handler(), netsnmp_wrap_up_request(), snmp_set_var_typed_value(), snmp_set_var_value(), sprint_realloc_octet_string(), and table_helper_handler().
.SS "netsnmp_vardata \fBvariable_list::val\fP"
.PP
value of variable 
.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBdelayed_instance.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 522 of file snmp_api.h.
.PP
Referenced by netsnmp_check_getnext_reply(), netsnmp_old_api_helper(), netsnmp_send_traps(), netsnmp_table_data_set_helper_handler(), snmp_set_var_value(), and sprint_realloc_octet_string().
.SS "size_t \fBvariable_list::val_len\fP"
.PP
the length of the value to be copied into buf 
.PP
Definition at line 524 of file snmp_api.h.
.PP
Referenced by netsnmp_check_getnext_reply(), netsnmp_old_api_helper(), netsnmp_table_data_set_helper_handler(), snmp_set_var_value(), and sprint_realloc_octet_string().
.SS "oid \fBvariable_list::name_loc\fP[MAX_OID_LEN]"
.PP
90 percentile < 24. 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 526 of file snmp_api.h.
.PP
Referenced by netsnmp_table_build_oid_from_index(), netsnmp_table_build_result(), and table_helper_handler().
.SS "u_char \fBvariable_list::buf\fP[40]"
.PP
90 percentile < 40. 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 528 of file snmp_api.h.
.PP
Referenced by snmp_set_var_value().
.SS "void* \fBvariable_list::data\fP"
.PP
(Opaque) hook for additional data 
.PP
Definition at line 530 of file snmp_api.h.
.SS "void(* \fBvariable_list::dataFreeHook\fP)(void *)"
.PP
callback to free above 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for net-snmp from the source code.
