.TH "generic logging for net-snmp" 3 "23 May 2010" "Version 5.4.3.pre1" "net-snmp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
generic logging for net-snmp \- 
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLOGLENGTH\fP   1024"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBva_copy\fP(dest, src)   memcpy (&dest, &src, sizeof (va_list))"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLOG_USER\fP   0"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnetsnmp_enable_filelog\fP (\fBnetsnmp_log_handler\fP *logh, int dont_zero_log)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBvsnprintf\fP (char *str, size_t count, const char *fmt, va_list arg)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit_snmp_logging\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBshutdown_snmp_logging\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdecode_priority\fP (char **optarg, int *pri_max)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdecode_facility\fP (char *optarg)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsnmp_log_options\fP (char *optarg, int argc, char *const *argv)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBsnmp_log_syslogname\fP (const char *pstr)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsnmp_log_options_usage\fP (const char *lead, FILE *outf)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsnmp_get_do_logging\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIIs logging done? \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsnmp_disable_syslog_entry\fP (\fBnetsnmp_log_handler\fP *logh)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsnmp_disable_syslog\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsnmp_disable_filelog_entry\fP (\fBnetsnmp_log_handler\fP *logh)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsnmp_disable_filelog\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsnmp_stderrlog_status\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsnmp_disable_stderrlog\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsnmp_disable_calllog\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsnmp_disable_log\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBnetsnmp_logging_restart\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsnmp_enable_syslog\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsnmp_enable_syslog_ident\fP (const char *ident, const int facility)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsnmp_enable_filelog\fP (const char *logfilename, int dont_zero_log)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsnmp_enable_stderrlog\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsnmp_enable_calllog\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnetsnmp_log_handler\fP * \fBnetsnmp_find_loghandler\fP (const char *token)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnetsnmp_add_loghandler\fP (\fBnetsnmp_log_handler\fP *logh)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnetsnmp_log_handler\fP * \fBnetsnmp_register_loghandler\fP (int type, int priority)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnetsnmp_enable_loghandler\fP (const char *token)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnetsnmp_disable_loghandler\fP (const char *token)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnetsnmp_remove_loghandler\fP (\fBnetsnmp_log_handler\fP *logh)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlog_handler_stdouterr\fP (\fBnetsnmp_log_handler\fP *logh, int pri, const char *str)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlog_handler_syslog\fP (\fBnetsnmp_log_handler\fP *logh, int pri, const char *str)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlog_handler_file\fP (\fBnetsnmp_log_handler\fP *logh, int pri, const char *str)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlog_handler_callback\fP (\fBnetsnmp_log_handler\fP *logh, int pri, const char *str)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlog_handler_null\fP (\fBnetsnmp_log_handler\fP *logh, int pri, const char *str)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsnmp_log_string\fP (int priority, const char *str)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsnmp_vlog\fP (int priority, const char *format, va_list ap)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis snmp logging function allows \fBvariable\fP argument list given the specified priority, format and a populated va_list structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsnmp_log\fP (int priority, const char *format,...)"
.br
.RI "\fIThis snmp logging function allows \fBvariable\fP argument list given the specified format and priority. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsnmp_log_perror\fP (const char *s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnetsnmp_log_handler\fP * \fBget_logh_head\fP (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnetsnmp_log_handler\fP * \fBlogh_head\fP = NULL"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnetsnmp_log_handler\fP * \fBlogh_priorities\fP [LOG_DEBUG+1]"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void netsnmp_logging_restart (void)"
.PP
hmm, don't zero status isn't saved.. i think it's safer not to overwrite, in case a hup is just to re-read config files...
.PP
Definition at line 636 of file snmp_logging.c.
.SS "int snmp_get_do_logging (void)"
.PP
Is logging done? \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns 0 if logging is off, 1 when it is done. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 493 of file snmp_logging.c.
.SS "int snmp_log (int priority, const char * format,  ...)"
.PP
This snmp logging function allows \fBvariable\fP argument list given the specified format and priority. Calls the snmp_vlog function. The default logfile this function writes to is /var/log/snmpd.log.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsnmp_vlog\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBExamples: \fP
.in +1c
\fBdelayed_instance.c\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 1275 of file snmp_logging.c.
.SS "int snmp_vlog (int priority, const char * format, va_list ap)"
.PP
This snmp logging function allows \fBvariable\fP argument list given the specified priority, format and a populated va_list structure. The default logfile this function writes to is /var/log/snmpd.log.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpriority\fP is an integer representing the type of message to be written to the snmp log file. The types are errors, warning, and information.
.IP "\(bu" 2
The error types are:
.IP "  \(bu" 4
LOG_EMERG system is unusable
.IP "  \(bu" 4
LOG_ALERT action must be taken immediately
.IP "  \(bu" 4
LOG_CRIT critical conditions
.IP "  \(bu" 4
LOG_ERR error conditions
.PP

.IP "\(bu" 2
The warning type is:
.IP "  \(bu" 4
LOG_WARNING warning conditions
.PP

.IP "\(bu" 2
The information types are:
.IP "  \(bu" 4
LOG_NOTICE normal but significant condition
.IP "  \(bu" 4
LOG_INFO informational
.IP "  \(bu" 4
LOG_DEBUG debug-level messages
.PP

.PP
.br
\fIformat\fP is a pointer to a char representing the \fBvariable\fP argument list format used.
.br
\fIap\fP is a va_list type used to traverse the list of arguments.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Returns 0 on success, -1 when the code could not format the log- string, -2 when dynamic memory could not be allocated if the length of the log buffer is greater then 1024 bytes. For each of these errors a LOG_ERR messgae is written to the logfile.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsnmp_log\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1214 of file snmp_logging.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for net-snmp from the source code.
