.\" /***********************************************************
.\" 	Copyright 1988, 1989 by Carnegie Mellon University
.\" 
.\"                       All Rights Reserved
.\" 
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its 
.\" documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, 
.\" provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
.\" both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in 
.\" supporting documentation, and that the name of CMU not be
.\" used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the
.\" software without specific, written prior permission.  
.\" 
.\" CMU DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING
.\" ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL
.\" CMU BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR
.\" ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
.\" WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,
.\" ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\" ******************************************************************/
.TH SNMPBULKWALK 1 "17 Jun 1998"
.UC 4
.SH NAME
snmpbulkwalk - communicates with a network entity using SNMP BULK Requests.
.SH SYNOPSIS
snmpbulkwalk [common arguments] [objectID]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Snmpbulkwalk is an SNMP application that uses BULK Requests to query for a
tree of information about a network entity.
.PP
A variable may also be given on the command line.  This variable specifies
which portion of the object identifier space will be searched using BULK
Requests.  All variables in the subtree below the given variable are queried
as a single request and their values presented to the user.  Each variable
name is given in the format specified in
.IR variables (5).
.PP
If the "objectID" argument is not present, snmpbulkwalk will search MIB-2.
.PP
For example
.PP
.I snmpbulkwalk -v 2c zeus public system
.PP
will retrieve all of the variables under system:
.PP
.I system.sysDescr.0
= "SunOS zeus.net.cmu.edu 4.1.3_U1 1 sun4m"
.br
.I system.sysObjectID.0
= OID: enterprises.hp.nm.hpsystem.10.1.1
.br
.I system.sysUpTime.0
= Timeticks: (155274552) 17 days, 23:19:05
.br
.I system.sysContact.0
= ""
.br
.I system.sysName.0
= "zeus.net.cmu.edu"
.br
.I system.sysLocation.0
= ""
.br
.I system.sysServices.0
= 72
.PP
If the network entity has an error processing the request packet, an error
packet will be returned and a message will be shown, helping to pinpoint why
the request was malformed.
.PP
If the tree search causes attempts to search beyond the end of the MIB, a
message will be displayed:
.PP
.I End of MIB.
.PP
.SH NOTE
As the name implies, snmpbulkwalk utilizes the SNMP GETBULK message,
which is not available in SNMP v1.
.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
snmpcmd(1), variables(5).
