.\* /***********************************************************
.\" 	Copyright 1988, 1989 by Carnegie Mellon University
.\" 
.\"                       All Rights Reserved
.\" 
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its 
.\" documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, 
.\" provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
.\" both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in 
.\" supporting documentation, and that the name of CMU not be
.\" used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the
.\" software without specific, written prior permission.  
.\" 
.\" CMU DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING
.\" ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL
.\" CMU BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR
.\" ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
.\" WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,
.\" ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\" ******************************************************************/
.TH SNMPTRANSLATE 1 "11 July 1994"
.UC 4
.SH NAME
snmptranslate - translate SNMP objects into more useful information
.SH SYNOPSIS
snmptranslate [-n] [-d] [-R] [-f|-s] [-w|-W] [-p] objectID
.SH DESCRIPTION
Snmptranslate is an application that translates an SNMP object (SMI value or
symbolic form) into another form of information.  With no other options, an
SNMP object will be translated to its SMI value.
.PP
The options have the following meanings:
.TP
.B \-p
Print the symbol table built from the MIB files loaded
.TP
.B \-w
Produce warnings of symbol conflicts while parsing the MIB files
.TP
.B \-W
Produce even more warnings than the -w option
.TP
.B \-n
Translate an SNMP object to its symbolic form.
.TP
.B \-f
Print the fully qualified version of the name.
.TP
.B \-s
Print only the last symbolic part of the OID.
.TP
.B \-d
Print a description of the object.
.TP
.B \-R
Use "random access" to access the symbolic object wherever in the MIB tree it
lives.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
.I snmptranslate -n -R sysDescr
.PP
will translate "sysDescr" to a more qualified form:
.PP
.I system.sysDescr
.PP
.I snmptranslate -n -f -d -R sysDescr
.PP
will translate "sysDecr" to
.PP
 .iso.org.dod.internet.mgmt.mib-2.system.sysDescr
.br
SYNTAX OCTET STRING
.br
DISPLAY-HINT "255a"
.br
MAX-ACCESS read-only
.br
STATUS current
.br
DESCRIPTION "A textual description of the entity. This value should
.br
	include the full name and version identification of the
.br
	system's hardware type, software operating-system, and
.br
	networking software."
.SH "SEE ALSO"
variables(5), RFC 1155, RFC 1156, RFC 1157, SNMP Security Internet Drafts
