.\" /***********************************************************
.\" 	Copyright 1988, 1989 by Carnegie Mellon University
.\" 
.\"                       All Rights Reserved
.\" 
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its 
.\" documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, 
.\" provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
.\" both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in 
.\" supporting documentation, and that the name of CMU not be
.\" used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the
.\" software without specific, written prior permission.  
.\" 
.\" CMU DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING
.\" ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL
.\" CMU BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR
.\" ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
.\" WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,
.\" ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\" ******************************************************************/
.TH SNMPBULKGET 1 "23 May 2000"
.UC 4
.SH NAME
snmpbulkget - communicates with a network entity using SNMP BULK Requests.
.SH SYNOPSIS
snmpbulkget [common arguments] [objectID]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
In addition to the common arguments,
.I snmpbulkget
takes one specific argument
.IP "-B <nonrep> <rep>"
where
.I nonrep
specifies the number of input variables that should not repeat, and
.I rep
is the maximum number of repetitions of the rest of the variables.
The default is
.IR "-B 0 100" .
.PP
For example
.PP
.I snmpbulkwalk -v 2c -B 1 10 zeus public system interfaces
.PP
will retrieve the variable system.sysDescr.0 (which is the lexicographically
next object to system) and the first 10 objects of the interfaces group.
.PP
.I system.sysDescr.0
= "SunOS zeus.net.cmu.edu 4.1.3_U1 1 sun4m"
.br
.I interfaces.ifNumber.0
= 2
.br
.I interfaces.ifTable.ifEntry.ifIndex.1
= 1
.br
.I interfaces.ifTable.ifEntry.ifIndex.2
= 2
.br
.I interfaces.ifTable.ifEntry.ifDescr.1
= "lo0"
.br
et cetera.
.PP
If the network entity has an error processing the request packet, an error
packet will be returned and a message will be shown, helping to pinpoint why
the request was malformed.
.PP
.SH NOTE
As the name implies, snmpbulkget utilizes the SNMP GETBULK message,
which is not available in SNMP v1.
.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
snmpcmd(1), variables(5).
