.\" /***********************************************************
.\" 	Copyright 1988, 1989 by Carnegie Mellon University
.\" 
.\"                       All Rights Reserved
.\" 
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its 
.\" documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, 
.\" provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
.\" both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in 
.\" supporting documentation, and that the name of CMU not be
.\" used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the
.\" software without specific, written prior permission.  
.\" 
.\" CMU DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING
.\" ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL
.\" CMU BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR
.\" ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
.\" WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,
.\" ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\" ******************************************************************/
.TH SNMPGETNEXT 1 "17 Jun 1998"
.UC 4
.SH NAME
snmpgetnext - communicates with a network entity using SNMP GET NEXT Requests.
.SH SYNOPSIS
snmpgetnext [ common arguments ] objectID [objectID]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Snmpget is an SNMP application that uses the GET NEXT Request to query for
information on a network entity.  One or more object
identifiers may be given as arguments on the command line.
Each variable name is given in the format specified in
.IR variables (5).
For each one, the variable that is lexicographicly "next" in the remote entity's
MIB will be returned.
.PP
For example
.PP
.I snmpgetnext zeus public interfaces.ifTable.ifEntry.ifType.1
.PP
will retrieve the variable interfaces.ifTable.ifEntry.ifType.2:
.PP
.I interfaces.ifTable.ifEntry.ifType.2 = softwareLoopback(24)
.PP
If the network entity has an error processing the request packet, an error
message will be shown, helping to pinpoint in what way the request was malformed.
.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
snmpcmd(1), variables(5).
