.\* /***********************************************************
.\" 	Copyright 1989 by Carnegie Mellon University
.\" 
.\"                       All Rights Reserved
.\" 
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its 
.\" documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, 
.\" provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
.\" both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in 
.\" supporting documentation, and that the name of CMU not be
.\" used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the
.\" software without specific, written prior permission.  
.\" 
.\" CMU DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING
.\" ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL
.\" CMU BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR
.\" ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
.\" WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,
.\" ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\" ******************************************************************/
.TH SNMPTRAPD 8 "05 Feb 2000"
.UC 4
.SH NAME
snmptrapd - Receive and log snmp trap messages.
.SH SYNOPSIS
snmptrapd [-h] [-P] [-s] [-p port] [-d] [-e] [-D tokens] [-l [d0-7]] [-f] [-H] [-a] [-O oidopts] [-C] [-c confFile]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Snmptrapd
is an SNMP application that receives and logs snmp trap messages
sent to the SNMP-TRAP port (162) on the local machine.
.PP
The log messages are of the form:
.br
.I Sep 17 22:39:52 suffern snmptrapd: 128.2.13.41:
.I Cold Start Trap (0) Uptime:
.I 8 days, 0:35:46
.PP
.I Snmptrapd
must be run as root so that UDP port 162 can be opened.
.SH COMMAND LINE ARGUMENTS
.IP "-h"
Print a usage summary and exit.
.IP "-P"
Print the logged messages to stdout.
.IP "-p port"
Specifies the port to run on, if the default 162 is not desired.
.IP "-s"
Log the messages to syslog(8).  These syslog messages are sent with
the level of LOG_WARNING, and to the LOG_LOCAL0 facility (by
default).  The demon will also fork away from its caller when
the syslog facilities are used.
This is the default unless the '-P' flag is used.
.IP "-l [d0-7]"
Specifies the syslog facility to use, demon or local[0-7].
.IP "-a"
makes
.I snmptrapd
ignore AuthenticationFailure traps
.IP "-d"
Causes the application to dump input and output packets.
.IP "-D" 
Turn debugging output on.
.IP "-f"
Don't fork away from the caller when using syslog().
.IP "-O oidopts"
Set OID printing options (see snmpcmd(1))
.IP "-C"
Don't read the default set of configuration files.
.IP "-c confFile"
Force the reading of confFile as a configuration file.
.SH EXTENSIBILITY AND CONFIGURATION
See the snmpdtrapd.conf(5) manual page.
.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
syslog(8), variables(5)
