.\" /***********************************************************
.\" 	Copyright 1988, 1989 by Carnegie Mellon University
.\" 
.\"                       All Rights Reserved
.\" 
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its 
.\" documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, 
.\" provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
.\" both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in 
.\" supporting documentation, and that the name of CMU not be
.\" used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the
.\" software without specific, written prior permission.  
.\" 
.\" CMU DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING
.\" ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL
.\" CMU BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR
.\" ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
.\" WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,
.\" ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\" ******************************************************************/
.TH SNMPGET 1 "17 Jun 1998"
.UC 4
.SH NAME
snmpget - communicates with a network entity using SNMP GET Requests.
.SH SYNOPSIS
snmpget [-Cf] [ common arguments ] objectID [objectID]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Snmpget is an SNMP application that uses the GET Request to query for
information on a network entity.  One or more fully qualified object
identifiers may be given as arguments on the command line.
Each variable name is given in the format specified in
.IR variables (5).
.PP
For example
.PP
.I snmpget zeus public system.sysDescr.0
.PP
will retrieve the variable system.sysDescr.0:
.PP
.I system.sysDescr.0 =
"SunOS zeus.net.cmu.edu 4.1.3_U1 1 sun4m"
.PP
If the network entity has an error processing the request packet, an error
packet will be returned and a message will be shown, helping to pinpoint in what
way the request was malformed.  If there were other variables in the request,
the request will be resent without the bad variable.
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP -Cf
If -Cf is not specified, some applications (E.G., snmpget,
snmpgetnext, snmpwalk, etc) will try to fix errors returned by the
agent that you were talking to and resend the request.  The only time
this is really useful is if you specified a OID that didn't exist in
your request and you're using SNMPv1 which requires "all or nothing"
kinds of requests. Example (system.sysUptime is an incomplete OID
request for agents as it needs the .0 index appended to it):
.nf
snmpget -v 1 -Cf localhost public system.sysUpTime system.sysContact.0
Error in packet
Reason: (noSuchName) There is no such variable name in this MIB.
This name doesn't exist: system.sysUpTime

snmpget -v 1 localhost public system.sysUpTime system.sysContact.0
Error in packet
Reason: (noSuchName) There is no such variable name in this MIB.
This name doesn't exist: system.sysUpTime

system.sysContact.0 = root@localhost
.fi
.IP
With the -Cf specified the application will not try to fix the PDU for 
you.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
snmpcmd(1), variables(5).
